Hewwo, evewyone! This is the WONGEST TEXT EVEW! I was inspiwed by the vawious othew "wongest texts evew" on the intewnet, and I wanted to make my own. So hewe it is! This is going to be a WOWWD WECOWD! This is actuawwy my thiwd attempt at doing this. The fiwst time, I didn't save it. The second time, the Neocities editow cwashed. Now I'm wwiting this in Notepad, then copying it into the Neocities editow instead of typing it diwectwy in the Neocities editow to avoid cwashing. It sucks that my past two attempts awe gone now. Those actuawwy got pwetty wong. Not the wongest, but stiww pwetty wong. I hope this one won't get wost somehow. Anyways, wet's tawk about WAFFWES! I wike waffwes. Waffwes awe coow. Waffwes is a funny wowd. Thewe's a Teen Titans Go episode cawwed "Waffwes" whewe the wowd "Waffwes" is said a hundwed-something times. It's pwetty annoying. Thewe's awso a Teen Titans Go episode about Pig Watin. Don't know what Pig Watin is? It's a wanguage whewe you take aww the consonants befowe the fiwst vowew, move them to the end, and add '-ay' to the end. If the wowd begins with a vowew, you just add '-way' to the end. Fow exampwe, "Waffwes" becomes "Affwesway". I've been speaking Pig Watin fwuentwy since the fouwth gwade, so it suwpwised me when I saw the episode fow the fiwst time. I speak Pig Watin with my sistew sometimes. It's pwetty fun. I wike speaking it in pubwic so that evewyone awound us gets confused. That's nevew actuawwy happened befowe, but if it evew does, 'twiww be pwetty funny. By the way, "'twiww" is a wowd I invented wecentwy, and it's a contwaction of "it wiww". I weawwy hope it gains popuwawity in the neaw futuwe, because "'twiww" is WAY mowe fun than saying "it'ww". "It'ww" is too bowing. Nobody wikes bowing. This is nowhewe neaw being the wongest text evew, but eventuawwy it wiww be! I might stiww be wwiting this a decade watew, who knows? But wight now, it's not vewy wong. But I'ww just keep wwiting untiw it is the wongest! Have you evew heawd the song "Dau Dau" by Awesome Scampis? It's an amazing song. Wook it up on YouTube! I pway that song aww the time awound my sistew! It dwives hew cwazy, and I wove it. Anothew way I wike dwiving my sistew cwazy is by speaking my own made up wanguage to hew. She hates the wanguages I make! The onwy wanguage that we both speak besides Engwish is Pig Watin. I think you awweady knew that. Whatevew. I think I'm gonna go fow now. Bye! Hi, I'm back now. I'm gonna contwibute mowe to this soon-to-be giant waww of text. I just weawised I have a giant stuffed fwog on my bed. I fowgot his name. I'm pwetty suwe it was something stupid though. I think it was "FWOG" in Mowse Code ow something. Mowse Code is coow. I know a bit of it, but I'm not vewy good at it. I'm awso not vewy good at Fwench. I bawewy know anything in Fwench, and my pwonunciation pwobabwy sucks. But I'm weawning it, at weast. I'm awso weawning Espewanto. It's this wanguage that was made up by some guy a wong time ago to be the "univewsaw wanguage". A wot of peopwe speak it. I am such a wanguage newd. Hawf of this text is pwobabwy gonna be about wanguages. But hey, as wong as it's wong! Ha, get it? As WONG as it's WONG? I'm so funny, wight? No, I'm not. I shouwd pwobabwy get some sweep. Goodnight! Hewwo, I'm back again. I basicawwy have onwy two intewests nowadays: wanguages and fuwwies. What? Oh, sowwy, I thought you knew I was a fuwwy. Haha, oops. Anyway, yeah, I'm a fuwwy, but since I'm a young fuwwy, I can't weawwy do as much as I wouwd wike to do in the fandom. When I'm owdew, I wouwd wike to have a fuwsuit, go to fuwwy conventions, aww that stuff. But fow now I can onwy dweam of that. Sowwy you had to deaw with me tawking about fuwwies, but I'm honestwy vewy despewate fow this to be the wongest text evew. Wast night I was watching nothing but fuwsuit unboxings. I think I need hewp. This one time, me and my mom wewe going to go to a fuwwy Chwistmas pawty, but we didn't end up going because of the fact that thewe was awcohow on the pwemises, and that she didn't wanna have to be a mom dwagging hew son thwough a cwowd of fuwwies. Both of those weasons wewe undewstandabwe. Okay, hopefuwwy I won't have to tawk about fuwwies anymowe. I don't cawe if you'we a fuwwy weading this wight now, I just don't wanna have to towtuwe evewyone ewse. I wiww no wongew say the F wowd thwoughout the west of this entire text.